Documentation for `flow.from_source` (#10897)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/flows.md

The behavior and interfaces are identical to the single flow case.

## Retrieve a flow from remote storage

Flows can be retrieved from remote storage using the [`flow.from_url`](/api-ref/prefect/flows/#prefect.flows.Flow.from_url) or[`flow.from_storage`](/api-ref/prefect/flows/#prefect.flows.Flow.from_storage) method.

`flow.from_url` accepts a git repository URL and an entrypoint pointing to the flow to load from the repository:

```python title="load_from_url.py"
from prefect import flow

my_flow = flow.from_url(
    url="https://github.com/org/repo.git",
    entrypoint="flows.py:my_flow"
)

my_flow()
```

A flow entrypoint is the path to the file the flow is located in and the name of the flow function separated by a colon.

> For more additional configuration, use `flow.from_storage` in conjunction with [`GitRepository`](/api-ref/prefect/flows/#prefect.runner.storage.GitRepository):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need additional configuration, such as specifying a private repository, use `flow.from_storage` in conjunction with [`GitRepository`](/api-ref/prefect/flows/#prefect.runner.storage.GitRepository):
```
